ARB 
DS 


PUBLISHED BY 


Dante Lucian 
> Grimaldi Di Savoy : 
j St.Etienne 


aCroíx Di 


Santori 


2.2.77 


ARB 
DS 


CONTACT ME @ 


=I 
|24 
[e] 
E 
2 
< 
El 
Im 
$ 
5 
= 
Е 
o 
Q 
E 
E 
3 


INTRODUCTION 
TO THE 
ALIEN RACES BOOK 


ARB 


INTRODUCTION TO THE ALIEN RACES BOOK 
THE ALIEN RACES BOOK 


* THE ALIEN RACES 

* THE COUNCIL OF 5 

* ALIEN FILES 

* ALIEN SHIPS 

* ALIEN DIXIT 

* THE NOTES AND UPDATES 
* SHE 

* FINAL THOUGHTS 


ARB 
DS 


In 2004 I became friends with an Ukrainian guy called Petro 
that I met completely randomly at a bar by the beach...I was 
on holidays and he was there with some friends having some 
drinks. 


Anyway, we started talking with each other...our friendship 
started like that...he became a regular at my house where our 
families would get together. 


In 2008 he called me and asked me if I wanted to go on a road 
trip...I said "SURE !" 


He had in mind to go to the south of Spain and visit his 
brother (his brother was there in jail at the time, near 
Huelva...) and also to visit his father in Portugal (his father 
was a former diplomat of the Ukraine, years before, and when 
he retired he decided to move to Portugal and live there...) 


And so we went...we visited his brother and then went to 
Portugal to visit his father... 


When we were at his house he asked us a favor (he is old)...if 
we could empty boxes from one of the rooms, as he wanted to 
make it into a bedroom for guests... 


We said "ok" and went to the room, expecting to see some old 
newspapers... 


Instead we found about 58 boxes full of old documents and 
books from the time when he was a diplomat... 


Some papers (documents) were in Russian...some were even 
from the USSR times. 


ARB 
DS 


Petro started reading/translating some of them and we 
realized that there was a lot of interesting, intriguing and even 
top-secret (at least at one time) documents ! 


So we asked his father if we could keep the boxes for 
ourselves...he agreed and...we had to rent a van to take 
everything back to home with us. 


Week after week, in our houses but mainly on the weekends, 
we went through all of the documents, translating them, 
cataloguing them by subject matter, or dates and places, etc.. 


As, due to work, we were apart quite often, we also did a lot of 
work on line, 


That's when we found THE BOOK...the book that lead to the 
videos I published.. (this one book that we had is undated and 
looks "modern", but we did find the cover -only the cover- for 
the same book but dating back to 1951 !) 


We called his father later that year and asked him about the 
book...and he filled in the missing information...he said that 
amongst high ranking political officials there had always been 
the rumor of alien contact, but nothing concrete... 


He said that he had received the book years before from one of 
his life-long diplomat friends and had been updating the book 
until recently with information that friends of his sent him, or 
when they would get together to talk about "old times", 


That information (regular updates) was sent to him by mail, 
phone or online. 


He still gets regular updates that transmits to me. 


ARB 
DS 


The book has hundreds of side-notes on the pages (updates), 
small papers with related miscellaneous info attached to 
pages, photos stapled to them, etc...that is how we found out 
about relatively recent visits from aliens, their numbers, 
where it happened, etc...they had been updating the 
information they could get regularly. 


BUT he also said that there were only a handful of people that 
were in the "know" back then (USSR days)...the leader of the 
communist party and a couple of advisers, 5 or 6 SMERSH 
agents (maybe more, up to 12), the commander of the armed 
forces AND the commanders of the 3 armed forces branches 
(army, air-force and navy) and maybe a couple of scientists... 


He said that most likely there were more people in the know, 
specially in the military, but he could not confirm that ! 

(him and his friends did not recognize some of the names 
mentioned on the book) 


People have asked me about some of the illustrations of 
certain Alien Races on the book...this because some of them 
were literally copied off movies and/or video games (not all). 


Me and Petro asked ourselves the same thing, as we 
recognized some of them...and we did contact his father in 
order to get an answer. 


He told us that over the years the people that were 
adding/updating/printing the book had been using alien 
images from the media when they did not have a real photo or 
a drawing from the witnesses... 


So sometimes they used images from movies and video games 
that better described the Alien Race in question...this according 


ARB 
DS 


to the witnesses testimonies (description of their encounters). 


However he did say something else...something extremely 
interesting. 


He told us that amongst high-ranking diplomats there has been 
much "solid" discussion and debate about "a plan" involving 
certain media (from online to paper to hollywood to the video 
game industry) and certain security departments (specially from 
Japan, China, Canada, USA and Europe) in order to use the 
"right" (to them) images to describe the appearance of aliens... 


All the media involved was (in the end...either directly or 
because they owned the "mother" companies) owned for no more 
than 5 people...and that this was a concerted effort in order to 
get people (human-kind) used to the appearance and presence 
of aliens...amongst us! 


He (Petro's father) also told us that some of the alien races 
images used in video games (and other media) were used in the 
book PRIOR to the release of the games and/or movies... 


Him and some of his friends had knowledge that some of those 
security departments had actually created some of the images 
and then "released" them to the proper channels...in order for 

those images to be known to the general public. 


This, obviously, we could not confirm...except for one of the 
images on the book...the aliens used in the movie"Independence 
day" were known before the making (not even close) of the 
movie...by at least 8 years ! 


Also, some of the photos on the ARB, had been tampered 
with... 


ARB 
DS 


And so, there you have it...the "story" behind the ALIEN 
RACES RUSSIAN SECRET BOOK ! 


At least some of it... 


Ihope you enjoy the book and all the revelations contained in it. 


this book is dedicated to the memory of 


PETRO 


The ARB has been re-edited (information always being updated 
in all aspects, from new alien races to new reports and photos 
or illustrations) at least 12 times. That we know the first 
edition was printind in 1946 or early 1947. Then new editions 
were printed: 1951 (I have the cover, just the cover, of that 
one), 1959, 1968, 1971, 1980...all the way to (we believe) 2011. 


ARB 


ee Meihe — Dighus " 
b — eben! 
THE LOST COPY 


In the 1980's a copy of (edition) of this book was found on a 
field in Buryatia (east Siberia). 


Thay copy ended up in the hands of a KGB agent with friends 
in the media. 


After the collapse of the USSR some of the information (and 
images) in the book were leaked (sold?). 


Years later the information and some of the images started 
appearing in tv series and video games. 


"Mass effect" being the most well known... 


(this information was handwritten on the book) 


ARB 
DS 


In 1924, near Yekaterinoslav, Ukraine (now Dnipropetrovsk) 
the 3 daughters of a certain Captain Andriychuk simply 
vanished. 


Captain Andriychuk was of Russian descent and 
very little is known about him, except that he 
travelled a lot. 


A farmer that lived near Captain Andriychuk's house said that he 


saw the Captain's daughters walking towards the woods maybe 
2 hours before sunrise. 


Intrigued, he followed them at a distance. After walking for 30 


minutes he described seeing "purple and red lights and a mist" 
through the trees. 


He got closer and saw the 3 girls entering what he called "a 
floating bright windmill-like plane"... he also reported seeing 5 
creatures as small as the children but with a "much older face", 


According to him the "windmill" then flew very slowly "into the 
stars" until he could not tell them apart. 


ARB 


According to the farmer, he ran to Captain Andriychuk's house 
to warn him about the event. 


This photo supposedly shows the 
farmer's house 


Upon arriving he knocked on the door but nobody answered... 

He then entered the house and found the Captain and his wife 
dead on their bed...their faces "were peaceful", as if they had 

died during their sleep. 


All their animals (3 dogs, 1 horse and 2 goats) were dead as 
well, 


On the kitchen table there was a letter or note (not signed) 
with the handwriting that matched Sofiya, one of the daughters. 


It said: 
"We are going to the school in the moon, with our friends..." 


supposed photo of Sofiya (not confirmed) 


ARB 


TO: 
SMERSH Agents Department IV-A1/12 


It is your duty to thoroughly investigate all events regarding 
any reports of visitations or incidents concerning creatures 
from other planets as well as with non-terrestrial creatures 
that dwell on our planet at the present or future time. 


It is your duty to immediatly present to your Superior in charge 


(KL-44) any material evidence gathered during your 
investigations. 


Is is your duty to keep absolute secrecy and concealment 
regarding your findings and conclusions during your investigations 
except from your Superior in charge (KL-44). 


It is your duty to immediatly destroy this book in case your 
physical being or personal safety is threatened. 


The loss of this book while in your possession will result in serious 
consequences for your 2 SMERSH companion Agents as well as for 
your immediate relatives. 


Make use of your extensive training and love for our great Union. 


Chief Marshal Konstantin A. Vershinin 


1947 


ARB 


= wo = 


This book of alien races is both an instructions manual and a 
source of information to be used now and in the future until 
the day it will be needed no more. Learn from it and add to it. 


When with Humans: 


1- Investigate events 
2- Interrogate witnesses 
3- Gather physical evidence 


When with aliens: 


1- Engage with them 
2- Follow them 
3- Learn from them 


YOU ARE FORBIDDEN OF: 
SHOWING THIS BOOK TO ANYONE, TALKING ABOUT THE 
BOOK TO ANYONE, TALKING ABOUT OR REVEALING YOUR 
INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES TO ANYONE, DRINKING 
ALCOHOL ON AND OFF DUTY, CONSUMING DRUGS ON AND 
OFF DUTY, HELPING ALIEN RACES NO MATTER THE 
SITUATION OR REQUEST, CHOOSING "SIDES" WHEN 
PHYSICALLY AMONGST DIFFERENT ALIEN RACES OR 
DURING INVESTIGATIONS, AND OF ENGAGING IN SEXUAL 
ACTIVITIES WITH ANY MEMBERS OF ANY ALIEN RACE. 


THE 
ALIEN RACES 


ARB 


ALLGRUULK 
(aka "the builders) 


They come from constellation Sculptor. 


They derive from an ancient race of reptilians that has gone 
extinct. 


They are specialist at building ships and other devices needed 
for deep space travelling. 


They are also space-travellers themselves, searching for new 
raw materials. 


They can live up to 230 years. 
Last seen near Tokyo (Japan) in 2005. 


ARB 
DS 


KIILY-TOKURT 


They come from constellation Vela, near the star Suhail Al 
Muhlif. 


They grow up to 2 meters high (6 ') and live up to 200 years. 
They can shape-shift and are very hard to detect. 


When they shape-shift the only thing they cannot change is 
the size and colour of their eyes. 


They are one of the oldest known races. 
They do abduct humans. 


Last seen on earth in July of 2008. 


ARB 


PLEYADIYANS 


They come from solar systems surrounding the Pleyadiyes 
stars, more precisely from the planet Erra near the star 
Taygeta. 

They are associated with spiritual growth. 

They can grow up to 2.5 meters (8'). 


They practice "sex cultivation", the distinct difference between 
their sexual expressions and their sensual emotions. 

Their ships are known as "beamships". 

Although regularly visiting Earth, they have remained mostly 
"silent" since 10.000 BC. 


They are one of the oldest known races. 
They continue to develop the necessary mental skills to 
eventually reach their goal: an even higher "spiritual state", 


ARB 
DS 


KYLLIMIR-AUK 


They come from constellation Volans. 


The sightings of this race on Earth are rare and they are 
considered as "a mystery race". 


It is said that they were forbidden to visit Earth around the 
year 1.000 BC, but they did not stop visiting Earth completely... 
this because of their allies: the race Maitre. 


Last seen on Earth: December of 1989. 


ARB 


KURS 
(aka "Gods of Lands") 


Believed to be related to the race Anunnaki, 
They come from the planet Dillimuns. 
They are the race "behind" the story of Enlil and Ninlil 


They were directly involved on the development of the Human 
race during our early stages. 


After centuries away from Earth they have recently returned. 
Their own leader is amongst the most recent visitors. 

They will now stay on Earth permanently...they will have an 
important role in the years to come. 


They spend time immersed in a precious gold-like liquid that 
presumably extends their life span. 


ARB 


~ 


HAV-HANNUAE-KONDRAS 
They come from galaxy Sextans Dwarf SPH. 


First visited Earth in 934 AD in the area that we now know as 
Romania. 


They often abduct and kill humans...they also drain and drink 
the blood of Humans as well as the blood of animals. 


They are responsible for the myth of vampires. 
Several Human governments know and accept their actions. 
The Human bodies that they "use" are never returned. 


Last sighting: Scotland, in 1996. 


MAZAREK 


They come from constellation Camelopardalis. 


From the 1300's to the early 1900's (our calendar) they were 
not allowed to leave their planet by other alien races. 


They are a very violent and "predatory" race. 
They are known to be allies of the race Maitre. 
They grow up to 1.6 meters (5). 


Last seen on Earth: August of 2001. 


ARB 
DS 


AL-GRUUALIX 


They come from constellation Cetus, near Deneb Kaitos 
Shemali. 


Although they are often confused with reptilian races, they do 
not share anything with them except their appearance. 


Their height is around 2 meters (6') and they can live up to 
350 years. 


This is one of 21 races that are known to have more than 2 
genders (sexes). 


This race has 8 different genders and all of them can 
reproduce with each other. 


The purpose for their visits to Earth is unknown, 


Last sighting was near Lima (Peru) in December of 2004, 


(no image provided) 


Probably the most enigmatic of all alien races...not much is 
known about them. 

They visit Earth around every 300 years. 

Their next visit is supposed to happen anytime now... 


They do not reveal themselves, they do not make direct 
contact with humans. 


They leave carvings, drawings and writings on rocks as well as 
symbols in historical monuments. 


Their ships have the shape of a "tear drop" and are silver in 
colour. 


ARB 


RAMAY 
They come from Capella, constellation Auriga. 


Known to be a very peaceful race. They tried to co-exist with 
Humans. 

They "created" the Mayan civilization (culture) by placing humans 
from different places on Earth in South America. 


They are а race of "scientists"...they taught the Mayans about 
astronomy and "time". 
They left Earth when the Mayans were at their highest splendor. 


After that the Mayans started the well known "blood sacrifices" in 
their honor. 
This race has been on Earth many times after that... 


Last sighting: Bora-Bora in 2001. 


ARB 


AA 


MOOVIANTHAN-KAYPHIK 
(aka "shinning ones") 


They come from constellation Vulpecula. 


They have met with (at least) 2 USA Presidents as well as with 
USSR and (now) Russian leaders and some high-ranking 
officials. 

They supply limited amounts of their technology to humans in 
exchange for the "freedom" to conduct abductions. They do not 
involve other alien races in this process. 


They had a big role in Siberian and Tibetan culture. 
They still have bases in those areas hidden in the north-face of 
mountains. 


They have colonized over 40 planets outside our solar system... 
so far ! 


ARB 


RAK 


Of the 58 races described here, this is the race that least visited 
Earth (that we know of so far)...only 5 times. 


They visited the area we know as the middle-east and that 
created the belief in the "Jinn" (or "genies") in Islamic mythology. 


According to some Muslims scholars they inhabit an unseen world 
in a dimension beyond the existing dimensions of our universe. 


According to reports from other alien races, they stopped visiting 
Earth because their immune system could not cope with Earth's 
fauna and flora. 


Last recorded visit: 712 AD. 


ARB 
DS 


"THE INVISIBLES" 
(no image) 


This race is known to have been "seen" near high-security areas. 
They are almost completely invisible to the naked eye. 


Both the USA and Russian military have developed technology that 
allows them to track them down on radar (just the ships). 


3 things are known about this race: 
1- they leave a sour smell when they are near, 


2- when they are near windows you can "see" their reflection as a 
"smudged-like" figure (have been caught on cctv footage) 


3- when many dogs (or only 1) start barking with no apparent 
reason, it is possible that they are nearby (or Reptoids/Reptilains) 


They come from constellation Mensa . 
Purpose of presence: unknown 


ARB 
DS 


ALLMAHULUK-STRAT-163 


They were forced to leave Earth after loosing a battle against 
Reptoids in ancient India (date unknown), which they had been 
visiting for around 200 years. 

They have resumed their visits to Earth in 1948, 

Technologically this is a very advanced race. 

Their ships are often invisible (to radar and the Human eye) and 
they wear some sort of clothing that makes them invisible as 
well. 

Supposedly they come from Jupiter or from one of its moons. 


Last sighting: Portugal, May 2005. 


ARB 
DS 


(no image) 


The members of this race are the cause why Humans coined the 
term "Martians". 


They come from constellation Gemini. 


They have had permanent bases on Mars for thousands of 
years, where they mine some sort of a gold-like material. 


First recorded visit to Earth: 1235 BC in Japan. 


Last sighting: Madagascar, 2003. 


ARB 
DS 


INDUGUTK 
(aka "Tall white") 


This race has several bases on and in the Moon, where they mine 
(unknown material). 


They use "slaves" to do most of their work...these "slaves" are 
extremely well taken care of, and the Indugutk see them as 
"indispensable". 

Their operations on and in the Moon are very secretive, 


They are in almost permanent contact with High-ranking officials 
from the USA, China and Russia Fed. governments. 

They have the ability to shape-shift into an almost perfect 
Human form. 


They are also known as "Men in Black", as they use special dark 
suits (to protect their skin) when in Human-shape while 
conducting special operations on Earth. 


ARB 
DS 


KILLIMAT-ARR 
(aka K-ARR) 


They come from constellation Crux, near Gacrux. 

It is a very hard race to track down or spot. 

Both the USA and the Russian military have developed a special 
camera and radar system that allows to spot them when they 
are on Earth. 

But even then, they have only been sighted 8 times. 


The purpose of their presence is unknown. 


When they are sighted it is usually in the area known as the 
Bermuda Triangle. 


ARB 
DS 


2017 
(no image) 


They have only contacted Humans one time: in the USSR in 1935. 


According to reports they spoke some kind of Slavic dialect. 
They left a writen message with about 10 sentences. 


They come from galaxy UDFJ-39546284. 

Estimated distance from Earth (our standard) is 13.2 billion light 
vears. 

They travel by using what other alien races call "worm-hole", 
which allows them to "bend" space. 


(note from myself and Petro) 


On the original ARB (our copy/edition), 9 of the sentences left by 
this race are "blacked-out"...the only one that is not is this one: 


"2017-2022" 


According to reports they were tall, had blonde long hair and 
"smelled like flowers" 


ARB 
DS 


EL-MANOUK 


They come from constellation Grus, near the star Alnair. 
They are one of the most peaceful races. 


They co-created the alliance of the 5 races ("Council of the Five"), 
but are not part of it. 


The "Council of the Five" are a group of 5 alien races that protect 
Humans against less peaceful races. 


They "coined" the sentence: "5 universes, 2500 species, 1 race" 

The Council is supposed to meet on Earth during the last 10 days 
of August of 2013, the reason being the fact that Earth has been 
receiving "too many" visits from new races in the past 500 years. 


Last sighting on Earth: near the Sea of Cortez, September 2002. 


ARB 
DS 


JIGHANTIK 


Maintains sporadic contacts with 3 Earth governments, but not 
the most powerful ones (not USA, Russia or China). 


Considered to have a violent nature by other races. 
They have been visiting Earth for 3.000 years. 


They come from constellation Horologium and are known to 
have as allies the race Maitre. 


Last sighting: near Houston, USA, February 1 of 2003 


ARB 
DS 


JEFOK 


They come from constellation Indus. 

They are known by other races as "peace-makers". 
They are very advanced technologically. 

Their first sighting on Earth dates back to 1500 BC. 
They met with JFK 3 weeks before he was killed. 


They have also (around the same time) met with other Human 
world leaders. 


They have not been seen on Earth since JFK's death. 


In 1965 they gave a message to the Human leaders that ran 
countries with nuclear capability (content unknown). 


ARB 
DS 


DORSAY 


They grow to a maximum height of 0.5 meters (1.6"). 

They have visited Earth at least 250 times. 

They come from Cassiopeia, where they have 2 home-planets. 
They eat other alien races as well as humans. 

Their race is at least 4 billion years old and they have been in a 
constant state-of-war with another alien species for 2 billion 


years. 


Last sighting on Earth: November 2001, Italian Alps. 


ARB 
DS 


MAGELL 


Known to be a very peaceful race. 
They have 2 permanent bases somewhere in South America, 


They are 100% nocturnal, do not interact with Humans and are 
described by other alien races as "shy". 


They harvest insects and rodents by the many thousands on a 
monthly basis...reason: unknown. 


At least 3 of them have been under Brasilian military custody for 
the past 12 years. 


Last sighting: near Oaxaca, Mexico, in 2003 


They are visited by their own kind (race) every 20 years...the 
next visit should be around 2016. 


AKART 


They come from constellation Sextans. 
One of their ships crashed outside of Varginha (Brazil) in 1996. 


2 of its occupants are under USA custody, after having paid 
billions of dollars to the Brazilian government. 


They have the fastest ships of any known alien race. 


Last sighting: February 2002, near Varginha (Brazil)...again ! 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


MAITRE 


They have 2 home-planets in constellation Megopei. 


They have the same average height as Humans and are 
considered by many alien races as "parasites". 

Visited Earth for the first time during the pre-historic period 
(date unknown). 


Abduction of Humans is carried out openly. 

They have the goal of colonizing Earth...that has not happened 
because of protection from other alien races, such as the one's 
in the "Council of the 5", 


They are hermaphrodites and their life span is 120 years. 
They have colonized at least 26 planets. 

They have abducted at least 5.000 Humans (males). 
They have visited Earth at least 200 times. 


Last sighting: September 2006 near Nome, Alaska, USA. 


ARB 
DS 


DRIES 


Their height is around 2.5 meters (8') 

They have a very complex structure of their skull. 

Visited Earth at least 20 times. 

They carry out Human abductions which they use for Human 
reproduction. 


They have abducted at least 520 Humans (males and females). 
They come from the "third" star in constellation Cetus. 

They have 2 home-planets and have colonized at least 40 
planets with the help of "slaves". 10 of those planets were 
taken with the use of force. They work together with 3 other 
races. They mostly eat animal protein derived products. 
According to alien reports, they are not "mentally /spiritually" 
prepared to interact with most other races. 


Their 2 home-planets chemical composition is similar to Earth. 


They are supposed to "reveal" themselves to Humans in an 
open manner in 2022. 


ARB 
DS 


LANG 


Small species growing only up to 70 centimeters (2"). 
They come from the "sixth star" in constellation Coma Berenices. 


They have 3 home-planets (maybe 4) and have colonized at 
least 10. 


They were one the first races to visit Earth. 

They were the race that started the "stories" about Fairies. 

2 alien races claim that they have abducted over 10 million 
Humans throughout History (that number is highly disputed by 2 
other races...they state that the number is much lower...and 1 
race even made a statement to a Russian President saying that 
the race Lang has bever abducted any Human). 


Last sighting: New Zealand, in 2006...a group of 20 members. 


ARB 
DS 


Eun 


SMAD 
(no image) 


They come from Planet Svokk, constellation Battteray. 
Their ships have a conical shape. 

They resemble Humans in appearance. 

According to 1 alien race they only have 6 ships left. 
They colonized 20 planets, 18 of them were inhabited. 


They first visited Earth 2.500 years ago and are very interested 
in our religious beliefs. 


They are a race in decline ("weakening", according to other 
alien races. 


ARB 
DS 


TENGRI-TENGRI 


They come from planet Tengri (galactic sector 56, star system 
F-1342). 


They live underground and have a population of 10 million. 
First visit to Earth: 10,000 years ago. 

They do not need an atmosphere or water to survive. 

They have 1 ship that can accomodate 5 million of their kind. 


They have had contact with Human governments throughout 
History. 


Last known sighting: near Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 2003, 


ARB 
DS 


GRAYSLI 


Their height averages the same as that of Humans and they are 
covered in a soft silky hair. 


They have 2 home-planets in the Virgo star system, 
They have visited Earth at least 12 times. 


Their first visit happened during the era (dinasties) of Egypt's 
Pharaohs, around 3.000 years ago. 


They spent 10 UN-interrupted years there during that time. 

The Djoser pyramid was built in their honour. 

They have been keeping a close look at Human's development for 
the past 200 years, knowing that some powerful humans can 

(and are) be mislead by some alien races (disguised as "humans"). 


Only 6 of them travel each time in their ships. 
Last sightings: July-2002 and February-2004 


DS 


They come from planet Nibirue (aka Nibiru). 

Their planet is part of the same solar system as Earth, but with a 
much longer orbit...it comes closer to the Sun every 4.000 years, 
and not every 3.500 years as commonly accepted. 

They resemble Humans but are higher (2.5 meters/8') and more 
muscular. 

When they first visited Earth there were already other races 
established here...some malevolent and with supernatural powers, 
The Anunakene defeated them and became the most powerful 
race on Earth. 

They genetically engineered the most intelligent non-alien beings 
on Earth (us... at the time not much more than smart primates) in 
order to have a race of slaves at their disposal. 

At the time Samael amd Lilith were the Anunakene King and Queen. 
They were not aware of the presence of Reptilians on Earth. 

They only cooperate with one other race: the Zeta Reticulai. Not to 
be confused with the Solipsi Rai (aka "grays"). 

Eventually they left Earth (unknown reasons) but before they left 
they created a sub-species of the Zeta...this species eventually 
became rulers of Egypt (Pharaohs) until the Reptilians infiltrated 
them (as Temple Priests) and ended their Reign. 

They gave birth to the legends about "giants". 


ARB 
DS 


(aka Anunnaki) 


They will return one day as promised by themselves, however 
the date of their return is still а mystery. 


They do know all that is happening on Earth as well as in other 
planets where they had influence (and/or still have). 


The proximity of planet Nibirue (aka Nibiru) does cause cosmic 
instability and weather-related repercussions in all planets of 
our solar system, but does not cause the amount of destruction 
that it is usually accepted and believed. 


How far they are it is still a mystery. 


ARB 
DS 


AFIM 


They come from constellation Lyra. 

They call themselves "Afim Spiantsy" because of a war that they 
fought against a race called "Spiantsy"...the "Spiantsy" race had 12 
times more members and 35 times more ships and resources than 
the "Afim"...but the "Afim" won in the end... 

So they added the "Spiantsy" name to their own race-name, as a 
"warning" to other races... 

They are smaller than Humans in stature and their skin is covered 
with blue spots, darker for males and lighter in females. 

Their planet is called Crimea Ai-Petri. 

Technologically they are extremely developed..they can travel from 
their planet to Earth in 20 earth-minutes. 

They do not need oxygen, they do have an atmosphere but it is 
composed mainly of an hydrogen-mix environment. 

They have colonized 10 planets in a non-violent way. 

When they are close to humans they can become invisible, but 
humans when around them will feel å certain amount of unexplained 
anxiety. 

Their ships are small and spherical in shape. One of the reasons 
they visit us is to study what they call "Human Deviation", in order 
to determine the development of the Human race. 


ARB 
DS 


SOLIPSI RAI 


Peaceful and harmonious race. 
They 1 main leader and his name is Ymartyyn. 


Their civilization is 2 billion years old...once they were at the 
same level of development as ourselves. 


They have no colonies...they are completely focused on the 
development of other planets and races. 


They come from constellation Cygnus. 


They do have one powerful weapon that keeps some neighbouring 
violent races away...and others that may try to invade them...at 
one time race Maitre lost 5 ships because of it. 


They said that the Human race, in the next few thousands of 
years, still has 645 options left to save ourselves, our planet and 
to guarantee a future for our race...but it will all depend on our 
ability to travel through space. 


They are Solipsi Rai, but we call them..."grays" ! 


PUXHITY 
(no image) 


This race was very influential in some South and Central American 
cultures. 


At one time they had over 2.000 members living amongst Humans 
in those regions....until one day when most of them left, leaving 
behind only 25 of their own...Humans then killed them. 

They have not returned to Earth since that "incident". 


They were known to be very tall...some reports from one alien 
race say that some of them were as tall as 4 meters high (13'), 


The reasons why the local Humans killed the 25 Puxhity's is 
unknown. 


ARB 
DS 


X5-TYKUT 


This race was created by the race Maitre in order to be used as 
slaves...and that is still what they serve for. 


They are often sent by the Maitre to security-sensitive regions, 
working as messengers and also to conduct abductions. 


They can live forever as they are not organic...however the raw 
materials that the Maitre need to "build" one are very rare. 
So, there are not many of them (estimation: less then 300). 


They are able to use "rational thinking" as well as flying ships and 
many other tasks. 


Last seen on Earth in July-1997, near Brisbane, Australia. 


ARB 
DS 


TANZANY 


They come from constellation Perseus, near the star Gorgonea 
Secunda. 


They have caused thousands (maybe millions) of deaths on Earth 
and other planets as one of their interests (or area of "study") is 
how other races react to tragedies and cataclysms. 
Technologically they are extremely advanced. 


One alien race reported that they (the Tanzany) caused both the 
crashing of the Hindenburg as well as the sinking of the Titanic. 


They can live up to 500 years and are around 1.7 meters tall (5). 
They are avoided by other alien races. 


Last sighting: January 1999 in New York state. 


ARB 
DS 


AIRK 


They come from constellation Ophiuchus, near Yed Prior, 
Considered by other races as peaceful. 


The purpose of their visits is unknown...they never stay long on 
Earth and do not interact with Humans or other aliens here. 


They mostly use Earth as a "stop" (to quickly gather something 
they may need) before they leave to their real destination. 


They are mostly nocturnal. 


Their ships emit a bright-orange light and are (most of them, 
not all) octogonal in shape. 


Last spotted near London (England) in May 2003. 


ARB 
DS 


b 


VINNYTVARY 
They come from constellation Pavo. 


They a very respected and peaceful race presumably with 
mystical powers, 


They have been coming to Earth at least since 1.000 AD. 


They do not carry out abductions and do not interact with 
Humans. 


They can live up to 2.000 years. 
Their height is similar to that of a normal Human. 
They are vegetarians. 


Last sighting: near Odessa, Ukraine in July of 1995. 


ARB 
DS 


STROM 


They come from constellation Ursa Minor. 


Stroms are invertebrates and coelenterates. 
Their average height is 2 meters (6.5'). 


Vegetation is of great importance to their culture...and the 
main reason for their visits to Earth. 


They have been on Earth at least 200 times. 
They act with extreme caution and are rarely seen by humans. 


First visited Earth at the end of the last big Ice Age. 
They have 20 colonies in the Via Lactea galaxy. 


Their ships have the shape of an octagon. 


Last sighting: October 1976 in Oregon, USA. 


ARB 
DS 


KALENIA 
They come from constellation Aquila, star Tarazed. 

They have colonized 3 planets and have a life span of 150 years. 
They are often sighted in northern Africa and the Sahara region. 
First visited Earth around 300 BC. 

They do not conduct abductions. 

Main interest about Earth: minerals. 


Last sighted in 2003 near a volcano in Iceland. 


ARB 
DS 


MUN 
MYTHILAE 


Once related to the Reptoid species, they are not, however, 
Reptilians. 


They come from constellation Serpens, star Alya. 
First visit to Earth was only in June 13, 1965. 
They do not represent any threat to Humans. 
Often seen around Antarctica. 

The reason for their visits is unknown. 


Last sighting: Antarctica, May 1, 1997. 


p е ARB 


uly 


REPTILIANS 


The most known and feared of the Reptoid species (there are at 
least 3). 


They have been permanently on Earth for over 15.000 years 
(confirmed) but the belief is that they may have been here 
(permanently or on-and-off) for millions of years. 


They come from constellation Draco. 


They have a presence in thousands of planets and have at least 
colonized 500 by means of "infiltration" within the leadership of 
each planet... 


Some (not all) of their members have the power to shape-shift 
as well as telepathic abilities. 


On Earth they did not need to infiltrate Human leadership all 
the time as they often lived side-by-side with Humans (most of 
them unaware) and "lived" our evolution (all aspects of it). 


= е ARB 
DS 


ul 


REPTILIANS 


They are considered one of the most technologically advanced 
species, but they prefer to work in the "shadows", using that as 
an advantage for their progress or plans/agenda. 


They can travel inter-dimensionally (most races can't) and some 
of their high-ranking members also have the power to become 
invisible...to have that power a reptilian must first be accepted 
in what they call "The Draco", an elite group of Reptilians. 


The Reptilians from "The Draco" are infiltrated (or even were 
co-founders) of the Illuminati. 


They have 3 main bases on Earth: near the Bermuda Triangle, 
somewhere off the coast of Denmark and off the coast of New 
Zealand. 


Some say that they will never leave...at least on their own ! 


ARB 
DS 


ALCOHBATA 


Presumably they have over 5.000 ships and have colonized over 
100 planets on their own. 


Considered by other aliens as one of the "parasite" races. 


Abduction of Humans are frequent and on-going... 
Purpose of Human abductions: unknown. 


They do not like to interact with other alien races. 


They come from constellation Perseus and are extremely 
agressive. 


Suspected to have been involved in several airplane crashes, 
such as flight 007 over the USSR in 1983, The USSR leadership 
took the blame for that crash... 


Last seen: September 2001 in Canada. 


ARB 
DS 


NEGUMAK 
(aka Gnomopo) 


First known visit to Earth happened only in 1989. 


They abduct Humans and exercise control over the minds of 
their captives, which they use for their own benefit after the 
captives release. Reason: unknow. 


This race was the "inspiration" for the alien race in the movie 
"Independence Day". (note of Petro and me: the ARB states the 
same thing about another race) 

They are one of the oldest races. 


They are one of the races that most Human governments fear 
when considering the future of Humans. 


ARB 
DS 


ZETA RETICULAI 
(aka Shamtbhala) 


Often confused (because of their appearance) with the races 
Maitre and Solipsi Rai (the "grays"). 


They come from constellation Nets. 


They are allies of the Anunnaki and cooperate with them in 
different planets...they are the representants of the Anunnaki 
on Earth and send them information about Humans and this 
planet at least 25 times per year, 


The Anunnaki created a sub-species of the Zeta with the 
purpose of making them look more Human-like...but leaving 
enough physical differences for Humans to distinguished them. 


They became some of the Pharaohs of Egypt. 


ARB 
DS 


ZETA RETICULAI 
(aka Shamtbhala) 


The most well known was Akhenaten, who was removed from 
power by Reptilians...they infiltrated themselves in the Court as 
Temple Priests, 


First reports of Zeta's on Earth go back to 4.000 AD, but that 
number is most likely much higher. 


They were the first hybrids to be engineered by the Anunake 
(Anunnaki). 


The Zeta sub-species still exists on Earth and still (at least 30%) 
present the same physical differences created in them. 


The sexual organs of the sub-species are in every aspect the 
same as that of Humans. 


ARB 
DS 


ZETA RETICULAI 
(aka Shamtbhala) 


The Zeta's still exist on Earth in both forms...the "original" and 
the hybrid sub-species. 


Their location on Earth is...unknown ! 


Zeta hybrid sub-species 
Zeta Reticulai 


ARB 
DS 


TARICE 
(no image) 


Their origin is unknown. 


They are often seen near (or flying by) volcanoes. (Identified due 
to the exquisite nature of their ships) 


They have never contacted Humans and there are no reports of 
violence or abductions. 


Even though they are discreet their presence on Earth is frequent 
and they do not try to hide from view. There are several 
contradictory reports about their appearance. 


Last sighted: Off the coast of Norway, in 2000. 


ARB 
DS 


PURITAV-ILLUMU 
(aka Nosyv-7) 


Their origin is unknown. 


They are often sighted in the northwest of the USA (specially in 
the Oregon area). 


They have a special interest about Earth's oceans and are known 
to have underwater ships (aka USO's). 


In the 1980's and the 1990's they almost crashed a few times 
against US Navy ships while the americans were testing new 
sonar and radar systems. 

They are peaceful and mostly nocturnal. 


Last sighted in the year 2000 near San Francisco, USA. 


ARB 
DS 


X-1Z 
(aka "Х") 
(no image) 


Only sighted 2 times on Earth. 


According to reports from other races they are able to shape-shift 
as many as 4 times in 10 seconds, 


Their origin is unknown. 


They conduct Human abductions and perform medical experiments 
on the subjects. 


They have been visiting Earth since the mid-1500's, 


The only 2 confirmed sightings happened near Elazig, Turkey. 


ARB 


CARAVELDI 


Known to be (at times) extremely dangerous to Humans as well 
as to other alien races. 


They come from constellation Chamaeleon. 


They have been permanently involved in conflicts with a few 
other races for over 500 (Earth) years. 


They are rarely seen on Earth. 
They live up to 150 years old. 
Reportedly they are 3 meters tall (9') and have 4 arms. 


Last sighting was near New Orleans, USA, in 1976. 


ELFFAF 


They come from constellation Bootes, near Asellus Primus. 
They also resemble the "grays" but are not "related", 


This race has 4 different genders and they are known to be 
benevolent. 


The purpose of their visits is unknown, but they seem to 
have a special interest on raw materials/minerals (?) as they 
have been often sighted near old mines. 


Last sighting: San Isidro de El General, Costa Rica, in 2005. 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


Despite their appearance (installs fear in Humans when sighted) 
this race is not known to be agressive. 


They can live up to 400 years. 
They come from constellation Delphinus, near Sualocin. 


They have been visiting Earth for at least 4.000 years, but were 
sighted quite often during the 19th century. 


They served as inspiration for the alien race in the movie 
"Independence Day". 

(note of Petro and me: this the other -second- mention about a 
race being used as inspiration for that same movie) 


Last sighting happened near Marseille, France, in 1996. 


DS 


TISAR-3 


Their origin is unknown but there are reports stating that it takes 
them near 2 Earth years to get to this planet. 

They are the survivors of an extinct Reptoid race and do not possess 
the same level of technology or knowledge as other races visiting 
Earth. They do have some Human characteristics, such as skin. 


In 1977 or 1978, near Siena (Italy), 2 of their species were captured 
after landing behind a church in ruins...3 days later they were 
transfered to a USA air base still in Italy and finally taken to an 
undisclosed location where, supposedly, they still remain...contacts 
have mentioned somewhere in the South Pacific or in another USA 
base near Japan. 


The USSR APIS/3 was able to get a hold of 1 video recording of 
this species. 


Last sighting: January 3 2001, near Victoria, Canada. 


ARB 
DS 


ELLINA 
(aka "Elves") 


Supposedly this is the race that started the myth of Elves (EIf). 
They are sighted often in the Germanic countries, deep in the 
forests. 


They are not known to be lethal to Humans, however they are 
known as being "pranksters"...it seems that they enjoy scaring 
Humans when these get too close. 

It has been reported that they have lured Humans away from 
their cars in order to steal their possessions...once the Humans 
are far away from their vehicles (and they already have stolen 
what they wanted), they frighten them which makes the Humans 
leave the location. 


Last sighting: Near Munique, Germany in December 2004. 


THE 
COUNCIL 
OF 5 


ARB 
DS 


Very little is known about the five alien races that are part of 
the "Council of 5", 


The races that are part of this Council (previously known as the 
"Council of 9") have been protecting Earth and the Humans for 
as long as there are (alien) records of it. 


Some say that they have been protecting the planet even before 
Humans existed...for millionsof years ! 


An alien race reported that the "Council of 5" last met on Earth 
in 1944. 


(note of Petro and myself: we found a hand-writen note on the 
ARB dated July-2005 stating that the "Council of 5" is going to 
meet on Earth during the last 10 days of august of 2013. The 
same note also mentioned the fact that the presence and arrival 
of those 5 races could cause cosmic events that can affect 
Earth's atmosphere. And it also said that Humans would be 
seeing an increase of alien ships activity during that period) 


ARB 
DS 


(continuation of note: the note also states that the meeting of the 
council is to discuss possible threats to Earth and Humans as well 
as the fact that so many "new" alien races have been visiting Earth 
"lately"...by "lately" the note states that that means -to the 5- for 
the past 500 years) 


-//- 


According to several alien races the "Council of 5" (at the time 
"Council of 9") has monitored Human evolution since primordial 
times, since Humans were only a 1 cell marine organism and 
throughout all natural evolution, when Humans became 
primate-like creatures and beyond (after the Anunakene, aka 
Anunnaki, interference...). 

According to those same alien races all evolutionary sequences in 
all planets have a beginning and an end (with the exception of 
minor details due mostly to radical weather changes). 

After the Anunakene tampered with the DNA of "primates" and 
created Humans, the "Council of 5" decided to not only monitor but 
also to protect us, as they realized that one day Humans would be 
able to join other alien races in development and enlightenment. 


ARB 
DS 


THE "COUNCIL OF 5" IS COMPOSED OF THE FOLLOWING RACES: 


ARB 
DS 


Å е - k 
E e 


THE "COUNCIL OF 5" IS COMPOSED OF THE FOLLOWING RACES: 


EGAROT 


ARB 
DS 


THE "COUNCIL OF 5" IS COMPOSED OF THE FOLLOWING RACES: 


GINVO 


ARB 
DS 


THE "COUNCIL OF 5" IS COMPOSED OF THE FOLLOWING RACES: 


ARB 
DS 


THE "COUNCIL OF 5" IS COMPOSED OF THE FOLLOWING RACES: 


ARB 
DS 


It is generally agreed that the EMETHER is the most important 
race not only of the Council but also amongst all known races ! 
They are related to the Solipsi Rai, but much older and advanced 
in all levels. They were one of the Founder-Races of the Council, 
They met with USA President D. Eisenhower in 3 different 
occasions...they also met with 2 High-Ranking USSR leaders in З 
different occasions...and they tried (they do not "force" anything 
upon Humans) to meet with USA President R.Nixon but he refused 
claiming that it would be too dangerous as they could maybe read 
his mind and find out about delicate national security secrets 
concerning the relations with the USSR. 


ALIEN FILES 


DS 


ARB 
DS 


In 2003 the China National Space Administration (CNSA) 
received the reply from the Pioneer Plaques sent in 1972 
and 1973 aboard the Pioneer 10 and 11. 

Despite many requests and offers from the USA, the EU, 
Australia and Russia for China to share the information on 
the reply, the Chinese have not done that yet. 


In 1985, 3 alien races delivered documents and video to 
the UN Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar showing 
evidence of several planets within Earth's solar system 
that had a daily average temperature of 32 degrees celsius 
(89.6 Fahrenheit) and oceans. 


ARB 
DS 


CASE 737 
LAFIA - NIGERIA 


In August-21-1957 a caucasoid woman was found near Lafia. 
She was not dressed "matching" the area nor the time period... 
She was taken to a local Dutch land owner and "interrogated", 


Reports say that she claimed to be Captain Benjamin Briggs's 
wife Sarah... 


Captain Benjamin Briggs was the Captain of the Mary Celeste, 
a British-American merchant ship that was discovered on 
December-4-1872 in the Atlantic Ocean, unmanned and 
apparently abandoned. 


She commited suicide that same night. 


Reptilian shape-shifting in progress 


ARB 
DS 


Reptlian shape-shifting in progress (2) 


Раса Мэтра 


The Maitre have been 
involved in several 
tragedies throughout 
Human History... 


Some of the worst 
plagues were inflicted 
by them with the 
knowledge and 
agreement of the 
Reptilians, who want 
the Human population 
to never go over 8 
billion. 


The Reptilians have abducted female 
Humans for thousands of years...most 
of their hybrid offspring are sent 
away to other planets that they have 
colonized...some stay on Earth where 
they become powerful members 
infiltrated in society. 


ARB 
DS 


Mars and the Moon have been over mined and 
explored for the past 33.000 years...the races that do 
it are going deeper and deeper inside the planet to 
reach the raw materials they want. 

Abandoned surface structures can be seen everywhere. 


Un * „‚ Ги". ү 


All Human religions have been created by alien races 
that want to keep Humans divided and the TRUTH about 
CREATION in secret. They roam the corridors of religious 
power as members of pseudo-religious-spiritual- Human 
organizations such as The Masons (most members of The 
Masons are clueless about the true intentions of a few) 


ARB 
DS 


bet TT om Lc t, TE 
jess er i tae 


3024.2 “ч 


LOI У, о чы, sta an am. 
mE raD 


Since the formation of the USSR its leaders were extremely 
interested about all the information they could get on aliens. 
They knew of their existence and visits and wanted to gain 
their knowledge, little knowing that the death of Russia's 
Czar Nicholas II had been planned by aliens and that their 
own circles of power had already been infiltrated. 


Several secret 
missions were 
deployed by Stalin to 
South and Central 
America after two 
Generals found a 
book that belonged 
to Czar Nicholas IT's 
wife (Czarina 
Alexandra) 

and Grigori Rasputin, 
that had a map 
showing the location 
of alien bases. 

That map was later 
used in the school 
system, minus the 
bases locations. 


26 


ARB 
DS 


The Philadelphia 
Experiment of 1943 
did happen and it was 
succesful after the 
3rd attempt...further 
attempts failed. 


Contrary to belief the 
experiment resulted 
from Albert Einstein's 
discovery of a 
manuscript (along 
with 1 metalic object) 
found in a cave 
system and brought 
to Spain by Columbus 
on his last voyage. 


The manuscript 
found by Columbus 
contained 
extremely 
technologically 
advanced 
schematic 
drawings and 
information and it 
was used to 
develop the unified 
field theory by 
Einstein, where he 
described 
mathematically 
and physically the 
interrelated nature 
of the forces that 
comprise 
electromagnetic 
radiation and 
gravity. Einstein 
had Illuminati 
connections. 


In 1933, near Vergiate, 
Italy, an alien ship 
belonging to the race 
KALENIA crashed killing 
all its occupants. 

Inside many ancient 
Italian artifacts were 
found. (and alien ones) 
Benito Mussolini created 
a secret group to look at 
that incident and any 
other future ones related 
to alien races. 

That group still exists 
and its called GIO-1. 

All the artifacts found on 
the wreck were put in а 
museum and passed as if 
found at an archeological 
escavation. 

In 1950 another ship 
crashed at the same 
location. 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


During the early 1950's USA President D. Eisenhower and British 
PM Winston Churchill met several times to discuss the best ways to 
keep the alien presence on Earth away from the general public and 
from prying eyes. 


Together they created a top secret task-force called "SILK", 
This task-force was so secretive that ¡ts leader was an Air Force 
General from english descent that belonged to the military of 
Uruguay. 


Side by side with this General worked 2 USA and 2 English Secret 
Services agents. 


They were not allowed to write anything they investigated. 
All events and investigative progress were only reported 
face-to-face to both Churchill and/or Eisenhower. 


ARB 
DS 


From 700 AD to the 19th century AD over 50 battles 
between alien races were fought on Earth's skies and 
witnessed by thousands of people. Many artists painted 
and carved these events, but the Catholic church 
searched, found and destroyed most of them, 

In the 20th century only less than 10 are available. 


'As long as there are stars, there will be war" 
Race Maitre 


ARB 
DS 


August 1608: from Marseille and Nice (France) all the 

way to Genova (Italy) alien ships stop by the sea 

shore and crew members work on the vehicles openly 

for everyone to see. 

This painting shows 3 alien ships in Nice. 

(NOTE: this is the original illustration. In the 1970's a 
magazine purposely improved its quality in order to make 
it look contemporary and be able to debunk the event) 


Real witness of the event wrote the next day: 


"The inhabitants saw three strange luminous vessels 
which evolved at high speed above the city. The 
three machines stopped near the fortress and went 
down above the waters where they caused the water 
to boil and emit a red-orange vapor. 

To the great stupor of the numerous witnesses, two 
humanoid beings with large heads and large luminous 
eyes, dressed in a red suit with silver scales, 
connected to the flying machine by tubes, engaged 
themselves in several hours of strange work." 


DS 


1898 


DISCOVRS 


AV VRAY DES TERRE 
BLES ET ESPOVVANTADLES 
fignesapareus furla Merde. Gennes, 
au commancement du mois “Дош 
derniersAvec les prédiges du fang 
quiefttombé du Ciel, en pluyes du 
coftéde Nice; & en pluficurs en- 
droits dela Prouéhce. 
Enfemblelaparmiondedesx bommes en lr, ae 
queh ce seni barreus par plufienrs for 


= Etontefté véu cn grande admiration 
durant rois ionrs, fur ilede Martegue, 
qui eft vne vile fur la Mer: cing liete de 
Marfeille. 


UOS 


Imprilmé Troyes, par Odard 
Lu dios lela 

Løn ee 

Elen ga eee de 
This is the original report from the alien event of August-1608 
in Marseille, Nice and Genova. 
During your investigations in our territories or abroad you will 
often find misleading and/or falsified information concerning 
sightings and/or alien contact...this misleading and/or falsified 
information will concern mainly dates, places, witnesses, time 
and weather conditions at the time of the event. 
This pattern of deception is common and has been practiced for 
centuries either by religious organizations, secret sects, 
privately owned media and infiltrated Human governments. 


Images 1, 2 and 3 show commemorative coins (no transaction 
value) from 3 different families. They depict 3 ships from 2 
alien races. A western European magazine tried to debunk 
these by stating that they "simply represented each family's 
shields". Further research proved that: 

1-the images did not match any of the family's shields. 

2-two different families would never use the same pattern. 
3-these images do not match any shield of the era. 

4-the images match well known and reported alien ships. 


Pre-historic cave paintings in the south of France. The 
same ships can be found on wall cave paintings in Spain. 


ARB 
DS 


5 rim 
N I Le 


T NIE is 2 
Arabia Peninsula 1479 


728 t 
Europe 1465 


Ukraine 4.000 BC 


DS 


Recovered alien ships in the base of Kapushtin Yar, 
Astrakhan, Volgograd. 3 seemed abandoned, 2 the result 
of crashes. 


Alien ships monitoring the 
activity in the 


Plasetsk missile center 
Jan-5-1992 


ARB 
DS 


The following are prints that were stolen in Sweden from 
APIS-USSR (Alien Presence Intelligence Services) by APIS-USA 
in conjunction with another foreign "special service", 

6 months later these prints were ( unknown reason) 
attributed to an american civilian as an "invention"and later 
as a "fake". 

These prints were (1 year later) copyrighted by a unknown 
"person". All the most technologically important prints were 
never found nor released/revealed. 

The scientific data on these prints was changed. 

Also, many faked illustrations were added to the original 
documents...the original (stolen) had only 3 pages and the 
faked "copyrighted" one had over 20 pages. 

These are the original prints. 


DS 


11 / 
Келш d 
ИИЛИП. 
tit 


И 
/ 
4 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


= 


Photo (top) of AKART 
ship that crashed in 
Klisura, Bulgaria in 1971. 


Left and bottom the 

USSR's (failed) attempt 
(for now) at recreating 
an alien ship. 


ARB 
DS 


We know that there are at least 2500 alien races...that 
number is likely to be much higher, 


One race (a crew member of the MAZAREK ship that crashed 
near Yekatrinburg, now Sverdlovsky) said that there are a 
few races that do not come to Earth because they know that 
the Reptilians and the Maitre are here... 


Some of those races that avoid Earth are as violent (if not 
more) as the Maitre....others are peaceful. 


So, having the Reptilians and the Maitre on Earth it is not 
always a bad thing...it keeps even worst races away. 


The balance is "found" by having the "Council of 5" protecting 
US, 


The MAZAREK crew member said the following: 


"There are many more races that would like to protect 
Humans but they are not willing to start a war against 
Reptilians or Maitre over you..." 


ARB 
DS 


In the area known as the Bermuda Triangle there have 
been 2 permanent underwater bases for thousands ot years. 


The first one was established by the MATRAX around 3,000 
years ago while the second one has been there for over 6.000 
years...race unknown. 


Several other races have had bases there (or near) but have 
abandoned them. 


APIS-USA used their influence in the media to 
propagate the rumor that it was a sank submarine. 
Later APIS-USA created a CGI video about it. 


Remember: we cooperate with other APIS but we 
do not trust them or share information that is 
deemed confidential or top-secret. 


ARB 


We still have a very limited knowledge of the activities 
occurring in the Bermuda Triangle area. 


From alien reports we do know this: 


1- Abductions do occur in the area. 

2- Experimentations with Humans do occur in those bases. 

3- There is a "multi-dimensional space portal" that goes to 
and from the "Triangle" (not exactly inside the area known 
as the "triangle"). 

4- There is a race that is planning on building/creating a new 
base in the "Triangle" in the year 2021 (rumors say its the 

JIGHANTIK). 

5- It is not the most important underwater region on Earth to 
those alien races. 


ARB 
DS 


These are some of the ships that were taken with the sole 


purpose (confirmed by 3rd party alien race) of abducting 
humans: 


- "Pickering" 1800 (90 people), "Wasp" 1814 (140), "Grampus" 
1843 (48), "Atlanta" 1880 (290), "Raifuku Maru" 1924 (2), 
"Stavenger" 1931 (43). 


ARB 
DS 


The crash of a Solipsi Rai ship in Roswell (USA) in July 7, 1947 
has been one of the most secretive APIS-USA case. 

Despite our best efforts we were never able to recover any 
evidence except for the top-secret photos on anex-3352-B. 


MAMMACTESCTEO. Презкденеу Yüorozsueonod 
BEJOMACHOCTA POCCHHKOR ULEAD все у аур CO 
Merca П.Р, 


Дент A 


Ж рыз мА vs 
Men 3/5 


Barne 


кї 
I rue" тај 
My ue CÓEDQUEOMC. 


på 
А 
/ 


Зезеетдтель MiTo METEO. E pa L.L.Tyeaxexto 


Er 


ARB 
DS 


Our agents estimate that near 65% of all aliens and UFO 
related websites on the internet (worlwide) are government 
(or government-linked) owned and ran. 


In the case of USA-only websites that number jumps to 83% 
and in Europe to 70%, 


In the USA 35% of those websites are ran by the NSA, 30% 
by the CIA, 15% by the military, 10% by APIS-USA, 5% by 
the FBI and the rest by unknown government agencies. 

In Russia that number is around 33%. 

In China that number is around 95%. 

In Japan that number is around 70%, 

In Australia that number is around 25%. 

In India that number is around 55%, 


In Brazil that number is around 80%. 


— Y) — 


NOTE from myself and Petro: the information above was 
added (hand written) to the book in 2007. 


DS 


In the so called Area-51 there are members (number unknown) of 
4 different races forcibly cooperating with Humans and Reptilians. 


As far as we know none of those members are either high-ranking 
or have a significant importance in their fields of expertise. 


The Maitre and Humans conduct security services and support to 
the base 24/7. 


ARB 
DS 


There's more than 1 race conducting operations on the Moon... 
The main race in the Moon are the INDUGUTK (aka "Tall White"). 


The MYTHILAE also have at least 1 base (surface) on what we 
call "the dark side" of Earth's satellite. 


Many of the INDUGUTK human abductees are there...they end up 
either as slaves for mining (underground) or as what they call 
"John's" and "Mary's"...but their "official" name is: "students-M". 


The "students-M" are abductees that reveal a higher level of 
inteligence and are willing participants (or become that) in their 
agenda and plans. 


It is estimated that 4 in each 10 abductees become "students-M". 
The rest (60%) become slaves. Some of those slaves go on to 
work on other planets. 


The "students-M", after "training" (and whatever else). return to 
¡Earth to assume leadership roles in Human society. 


HOW MOST ALIEN BASES ON THE MOON ARE BUILT 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 


ШЕ confirmed abductions confirmed sightings 2001-2003 


South Spain Nether- Canada Sweden Australia United United Franoe Germany Кә Japan 
Korea lands Kingdom States 


IN RUSSIA (SAME PERIOD) 


sightings: 425 
abductions: 156 


AL 


ALIEN IMPLANTS in APIS-RUSSIA AGENT 


ARB 
DS 


THE DAY HUMANS KILLED REPTILIANS 


In 856 BC, in the region of (now) Udmurtia, Russia, there was 
a confrontation between Humans and Reptilians. 


Reports state that a colony of Reptilians were building an 
underground base in the area. The Humans that lived in the 
area wrote: 


"Thunder by day, lightening at night...the earth shakes like in 
the days of old again...the snakes are everywhere, flying low 
and causing all creatures to die...the fish are gone and the 
rivers dry...we must fight or we will die." 


A member of the TENGRI-TENGRI, when asked by a Human 
leader (in the 20th century) if we Humans would ever have a 
"fighting chance" at defeating the Reptilians, said: 


"Your ancestors from ancient Slaviae using not much more 
then stones and sticks defeated them once already...since 

then you have learned much and done much...but you have 
lost your courage..." 


ARB 
DS 


The TENGRI-TENGRI did say that there's a rumor that the 
Humans did not act alone against the Reptilians...that they 
had an alien race helping them "behind the curtains"... 
However they also said that in the moment of battle 
supposedly there were only Humans fighting, not aliens. 
Either way, it shows what Humans can do and that "nothing is 
lost"... 

For posterity those Humans made these works of Art, a 
reminder of a great day for their culture... 

One thing though: the story goes that 200 years later that 
culture simply vanished... 


ARB 
DS 


DAY OF SHAME 
THE TUNGUSKA EXPLOSION 


The Tunguska "incident" was a powerful explosion that 
occurred in a desolate area near the Tunguska River in Russia, 
on June 30, 1908, 


It is commonly believed to have been caused by the explosion 
of a large meteoroid in Earth’s atmosphere about 5-10 Km 
(3-6 miles) high. 


The blast flattened an estimated 60 million trees over 2,150 
square kilometers. 


But the Tunguska exxplosion did NOT have a cosmic birth and 
death... 


Here's the version of events that lead to the explosion...as told 
by a member of the TENGRI-TENGRI: 


ARB 
DS 


"For 5 days and 4 nights, near what you call Tunguska, the 
MAITRE had been fighting the DORSAY. 


Other races were starting to choose "sides" and were going to 
get involved, 

Even the "Council of 5" was worried with the escalation and 
seriousness of the event... 


On the day of that great explosion an EL-MANOUK ship came to 
Earth in order to try ending the conflict...the EL-MANOUK are 
respected wherever we may go...they are wise and impartial. 
With them came a PLEYADIYAN ship...one of their biggest. 


The Maitre were warned by the Reptilians of the coming 
presence of the El-Manouk and the Pleyadiyans...Earlier that day 
the Maitre had just shot down the last of the Dorsay ships... 


When the Pleyadiyans entered Earth's atmosphere they were 
attacked by 3 Maitre ships and destroyed. 

One El-Manouk ship was also destroyed in space that day... 
And that is what happened in Tunguska." 


ARB 
DS 


Also according to the Tengri-Tengri: 


"The Pleyadiyan ship that was destroyed that day near 
Tunguska was not supposed to come to Earh that day...they 
were going to a different destination, carrying the things they 
do...their Holy Rocks and other materials...the El-Manouk 
asked them to help them in solving the conflict...and they paid 
the price with the ending of this life of theirs..." 


In 2003 crystals with strange symbols, inscriptions and holes 
were found in the Tunguska region...further lab analysis 
showed that their composition is made of certain Earth 
minerals as well as some elements that are not found on 
Earth. 


(NOTE OF MYSELF AND PETRO: in late 2008 the crystals 
were presented to the media by a Russian scientist. After 
much discussion about the origin of the crystals, the 
matter lost interest and it is supposed that the crystals 
now rest in a private collection) 


The CHULKAE (as aliens call them) are NOT an alien race as 
commonly accepted for many years by different APIS. 
Aliens do not know how they evolved or where they came from. 


The only things we 
know about them are: 
They exist in all 
continents, they live 
underground and are 
mostly nocturnal, they 
have a structured 
society (leaders and 
social classes), they 
have a cultural indentity 
and supposedly they can 
live up to 250 years. 


None was ever captured 
alive... 


ma 


i 


DS 


ARB 
DS 


CASE 34-8-NB 
Illichivsk (ODESSA) - UKRAINE 


In October-2-1947 a confirmed Maitre landing happened...2 days 
later 12 sailors (on a fishing boat) disappeared. 


In 1982 one of the missing sailors (a Mr. Kyrylo, in 1947 only 16 
years old) showed up in Maardu, Estonia. 


He reported that he had been "in the Moon". 
He died in 1983 from a self-inflicted wound. 
On his chest he carved (with a knife) the following: 


"SS Waratah...they are still waiting..." 


ARB 
DS 


HMS Sickle was a submarine of the Royal Navy. 


In June 12 of 1944 it went missing while on patrol in the 
northern Aegean... 


One member of the crew was found in 1971 near Bend, Oregon. 


In 1984 he became an advisor to USA President Ronald Reagan 


and he was often seen in the company of Minnesota Governor 
Harold Stassen. 


As far as we have been informed he is still alive. 


LIST OF AMERICAN POLITICIANS WITH 
CONNECTIONS TO THE REPTILIANS 


(confirmed) 


- Former U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld 
- Former vice-President Dick Cheney 

- Former President George H. W. Bush 

- Former President George W. Bush 

- Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger 

- Former President Bill Clinton 


ARB 
DS 


ALIEN SHIPS 


DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


KIILY-TOKURT 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


= ARB 


DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


EE 
| 
Lr 
PLEYADIYAN 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


JIGHANTIK 


DS 


28 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


KIILY-TOKURT 


ARB 
DS 


DS 


ARB 
DS 


ALIEN DIXIT 


THE FOLLOWING ARE QUOTES, PERSONAL MESSAGES 

(FACE-TO-FACE) AND/OR TRANSMISSIONS FROM SEVERAL 

ALIEN RACES OBTAINED VOLUNTARILY AND/OR UNDER 
CUSTODY AND DISTRESS. 


THEY WERE OBTAINED BY SEVERAL DIFFERENT APIS 
(ALIEN PRESENCE INTELLIGENCE SERVICES) 
FROM AROUND THE WORLD, BUT MAINLY FROM THE USSR, 
RUSSIA, USA, CHINA AND JAPAN 


THESE STATEMENTS DO NOT EXPRESS THE OPINION OF ALL 

ALIEN RACES ON ANY OF THE MENTIONED ISSUES, IN FACT 

THEY DIFFER SUBSTANCIALLY ON SOME ISSUES, SPECIALLY 
WHEN DEALING WITH THE FUTURE OF THE HUMAN RACE 


ARB 


- 5 UNIVERSES, 2500 SPECIES, 1 RACE 


- THE VIOLENCE AND HATRED THAT HUMANS HAVE INSIDE 
THEMSELVES, WHEN COMPARED TO THE VIOLENCE AND 
HATRED THAT THE RACE MAITRE HAS INSIDE THEMSELVES, 
IS LIKE COMPARING A FLOWER TO A VOLCANO 


- IN 2017 YOU WILL SEE THE BEGINNING...IN 2022 YOU WILL 
SEE THE BEGINNING OF THE END. UNLESS YOU ALL CHANGE... 


- ILLUMINATI PESTIS 


- WE HAVE GIVEN YOU SO MUCH AND YOU HAVE GIVEN 
YOURSELVES SO LITTLE... 


- SPACE AND TIME ARE NOTHING, WE ARE NOTHING. ..SHE IS 
EVERYTHING ! 


- THERE ARE 834 KNOWN SPECIES AT THE SAME LEVEL THAT 
YOU HUMANS WERE 3000 YEARS AGO...AND THEY ARE NOT 
VERY FAR AWAY FROM YOU... WE HAVE SHOWN YOU TO SOME 
OF THEM, LIKE WE HAVE SHOWN SOME OF THE OTHERS TO 
YOU...NOW AND THEN. AND THEY ARE AFRAID OF YOU, OF 
WHAT YOU MAY BECOME. 


- THE SIGNS ARE ALL AROUND YOU, AND ABOVE YOU, AND 
INSIDE OF YOU...IN THE FIELDS, THE SKY AND THE 
STARS...AND IN THE EYES OF YOUR CHILDREN AND YOUR 
OLD ONES. 


- OF ALL SPECIES WE HAVE FOUND IN 3 UNIVERSES YOU ARE 
THE ONE WITH MOST SUICIDAL THOUGHTS 


ARB 
DS 


- YOUR PLANET ONLY HAS LESS THAN 1% OF WHAT MANY 
RACES THAT VISIT YOU WANT OR NEED...BUT YOUR PLANET IS 
IN THE RIGHT PLACE TO ALL OF THEM... 


- THE IMPORTANCE THAT 1000 RACES GIVE TO YOU IS THE 
SAME THAT YOU GIVE TO 1 GRAIN OF SAND IN THE 
DESERT...YOUR PLANET JUST HAPPENS TO BE IN THE RIGHT 
PLACE ! SOMETIMES THE WRONG PLACE... 


- YOU HUMANS HAVE BEEN MISLEAD AND YOU GREW UP TOO 
FAST 


- JUST LIKE YOU LEARN TO LOVE A STRANGER AFTER YOU MEET 
HIM, SOME OF US HAVE LEARNED TO LOVE YOU... 


- WE WILL ALWAYS PROTECT YOU, UNTIL THE DAY YOU SAY "NO 
MORE". 


- WE CANNOT PROTECT YOU EVERYDAY... THERE ARE 5 KNOWN 
UNIVERSES IN 5 DIFFERENT DIMENSIONS TO PROTECT. 


- YOUR WORLD IS FULL OF LINES, FOLLOW THEM... 


- THE "COUNCIL OF 5" WILL BECOME THE "COUNCIL OF NONE" 
AND THEN YOUR PLANET WILL FACE THE "COUNCIL OF DEATH" 


- NO OTHER RACE RIDICULES OTHER RACES AND EACH 
OTHER LIKE YOURS DO... 


- SOON 1 YEAR WILL FEEL LIKE 1 MILLION TO YOU 


- AND IN GREECE YOU WILL FIND YOURS AND OUR PAST 


ARB 
DS 


- WE, THE MAITRE, WILL BE THE NEW "SHE"... 

- YOU BELIEVE IN MANY THINGS THAT YOU DO NOT SEE 
EXCEPT FOR THE ONLY THING YOU DO NOT SEE BUT SHOULD 
BELIEVE IN... AND IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN ALL AROUND 

YOU... YOU JUST CHOSE TO FORGET IT ! 

- THERE IS MUCH WORST THEN THE RACE MAITRE...WE 
KNOW IT, WE HAVE SEEN THEM AND WE HAVE SEEN WHAT 
THEY HAVE DONE...AND THEY KNOW ABOUT YOU HUMANS... 
- THERE ARE SO MANY OF OURS IN YOU... 


- THERE ARE MANY OF US THAT YOU ADORE IN PLACES THAT 
YOU ADORE...AND IN PLACES THAT YOU HATE. 


- WE COULD STOP YOUR SUN FROM RISING TOMORROW 

- 500 YEARS AND YOU ARE STILL LYING TO EACH OTHER... 
- SOON THIS DREAM OF YOURS WILL END... 

- YOU HAVE LOST 1000 YEARS IN THE PAST 50 YEARS 


- IF YOU GO TO MARS, MARS WILL COME TO YOU... THAT IS 
WHAT THEY DO, 


- YOUR CHILDREN THAT NOW LIVE INSIDE THE MOON DO NOT 
MISS YOU ANYMORE 


- THOUSANDS OF YOUR CHILDREN GO MISSING EVERY YEAR, 
NEVER. TO BE FOUND AGAIN...AND YET YOU STILL EXPECT 
YOUR. TELEVISION TO SAVE THEM WHEN INSIDE OF YOU YOU 
ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER. 


ARB 
DS 


- REPTILIANS AND MAITRE KILLED HIM...WITH YOUR HELP ! 


- INNOCENT SECRET SECTS AND MALEVOLENT SECRET 
SECTS...AND YOU ADORE THEM BOTH..."SHE" IS NOT INSIDE OF 
YOU ANYMORE... 


- WE HAVE DIED FOR YOU AND STILL YOU FEAR US... 


- WHY THREATENING US IF WE CAME TO YOU OFFERING YOU 
LONG LIFE ? 


- YOU KILL EACH OTHER EVERYDAY IN THE NAME OF SAVING 
EACH OTHER...AND YOU HAVE BEEN DOING THAT SINCE BEFORE 
WE TALKED TO YOU. 


- THE ANUNNAKI CREATED YOU ONCE... THEY WILL NOT CREATE 
YOU AGAIN. .WE WILL DESTROY YOU AND THE ANUNNAKT... AND 
THE TIME IS NEAR... 

- 8 YEARS IN 1 DAY...8 YEARS IN 1 DAY...8 YEARS IN 1 DAY... 


- ALMOST ALL RACES WENT TO WAR, BUT NOT WITH 
THEMSELVES... 


- YOUR MODERN GODS ARE CONFUSED...YOUR ANCIENT GODS 
ARE FORGOTTEN. 


- LOOK AT THE STARS AND YOU WILL SEE US EVERYDAY LOOKING 
AT YOU, 


- IF YOU LOOK TOO FAR YOU WILL SEE SOMETHING YOU DO NOT 
WANT TO... 


THE 
NOTES 
& 
UPDATES 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


"The Kurs showed up again...washington, DC" 

"The Kurs are not supposed to be here...what is going on?" 
"Pleyadiyans in bora-bora...APIS Russia and USA ignored 
them...again!" 

"Why did the Maitre accepted guilt for 2000?" 

"More planes are being ready for 2017..." 


"Bush will do what Bush is told... like the one's before him" 
"3 more economies destroyed...why don't people see it??" 
"In August-2013, USA, try Alfalfa Market Road in Oregon" 
"Want to see? watch: 54.7371? N, 55.9667? E - August 27" 
"JFK had DNA from the First race III!!! Call Yakim-3 111" 
"Why did they chose Putin to start the avalanche?" 

"The black will be white and the yellow will be red" 


ARB 
DS 


(NOTE FROM MYSELF AND PETRO) 


THESE ARE SOME OF THE HAND WRITTEN NOTES AND 
UPDATES FOUND ON THE ALIEN RACES BOOK PAGES. 


THERE ARE LITERALLY HUNDREDS OF THEM...ABOUT 3 OR 4 
IN EACH PAGE. 


WE CHOSE THE ONE'S THAT WE DEEMED MORE RELEVANT... 


OTHERWISE THIS PUBLICATION WOULD HAVE THOUSANDS 
OF PAGES... 


WE MAY ONE DAY PUBLISH ALL NOTES. 


ARB 
DS 


"As Napoleon, Alexander and and Hitler did, so will the rest" 


"How blind are people that they cannot see what's in the 
Grand Canyon?" 


"Connect London, Berlin and Cairo..." 


"2 km's south from the Vatican...small pink house...always 
for rent, never rented...they keep it there" 


"Charola dos Templarios..." 

“Why do Australian Humans do not see September 23 ?" 
"Caravaggio has it" 

"The Pope and Castro met again last week...with Maitre" 
"The States are loosing ground now..." 


“Funny...Putin using Medvedev in front of everybody...ha ha 
һа!!!" 


ARB 
DS 


Ever since Humans and aliens started cohabiting Earth, the main 
question Humans wanted answered was: 


"Who created the Universe and all of us?" 


That question has been answered the same exact way by all 
the alien races that have spoken about it... 


The answer to that question has been sent several times, by 
2 different races, to ALL Human religious leaders thorughout 
the centuries... 


The answer to that question has been sent several times, by 
2 different races, to SOME Human political leaders 
throughout the centuries...as far as we know the last of 
those leaders to get the message was USA President JFK in 
October 3, 1963. 


THE MESSAGE WAS SENT BY THESE 2 RACES 


RAMAY JEFOK 


THE MESSAGE IS BOTH SIMPLE AND COMPLEX... 
INFORMATIVE BUT RAISING QUESTIONS... 
OF HOPE BUT ALSO OF WARNING... 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


RAMAY JEFOK 


AND THIS IS THE MESSAGE: 


"This is a message of disambiguation to all of you men of the 
Human kind. 


This is a message of redirection to all of you men of the 
Human kind. 


This is a message to enliven the minds of you men of the 
Human kind. 

This is a message that has been delivered from race to race 
since the Beginning...just like it was delivered to us, it is 
now passed to you... 


Where there were no men of the Human kind there were 
others of other kinds... 


ARB 
DS 


—7 Y) = 


This is a Message to you as well, Women of the Human kind. 
Only the First race has Her purity... 


All other races must live the grievous, patient and laborious 
process of spiritual inner discovery and progression. 


Your (Our) collective History and Memory has suffered much in the 
Past...it has been erased, manipulated, suffocated, shifted, 
changed and molded according to the interests of a few. 


On your Planet as well as on Ours and the one's of other kinds in 
the Past... 


To the leaders of Kingdoms and Countries and Regions: look at 
your religious leaders... 


To the religious leaders: look at yourselves and the one's like you, 
leaders of other religions, all over your Planet... 


Why do you wear your long robes and skirts, and all manners of 
Symbols that you do not understand ? 


Why do you, religious leaders, men of the Human kind, wear your 
long robes and skirts not knowing why? 


Who, men of the Human kind, are you trying to be? 


Who, men of the Human kind, are you trying to represent? 


= === Y === 


ARB 
DS 


this page (and images) is not original to the book. It was 
added by myself and Petro to serve as an illustration. 


ARB 
DS 


SSS 


You, religious men of the Human kind, and you, leaders of 
Kingdoms and Countries and Regions, men the Human kind, 
have slowed your spiritual progress in half because you have 
divided your kind in half... 


No men of the Human kind should destroy what the women of 
the Human kind have created. 


You have for many of your years relegated the women of the 
Human kind to the role of slaves. 


And before your kind, many other kinds have done that...and 
before your kind, men of the Human kind, many other kinds 
we have warned. 


For you to achieve what is Yours, for you, Men and Women of 
the Human kind, to be closer to Her, you must first become 
one kind. 


ARB 
т DS 


Like many kinds before you, Men and Women of the Human kind, 
you have a journey of restraint and constriction ahead of you...a 
journey of difficulty and resistance, 

But, unlike many kinds before yours, you are on a path of spiritual 
self destruction never experienced or self provoked by the other 
kinds before... 

And yet, you are so young... 

The Anunakene created you...but many kinds can destroy you. 


You have 2.000 more (of your) years to change...after that, men of 
the Human kind, it will be too late. 


Not too late for your survival BUT too late for your salvation ! 
Your spiritual salvation... 


The "Council of 5" can only keep you safe from other kinds, NOT 
from yourselves... 


ARB 
DS 


And we know that you have been betrayed, mislead and 
mistreated... 


And we know that after thousands of (your) years, by means of 
infiltration, disguisement and deceit, you, men of the Human 
kind, have been fooled to believe the unacceptable by races that 
do not wish you well... 


But, before you, many others kinds suffered the same...and they 
too overcomed what seemed impossible to overcome... 


Your strength is inside of you and all around you...even now ! 


Your strength is in Her...and She is inside YOU, men and women 
of the Human kind...even now ! 


And the Answer is in the place that you, Human-kind, call Greece. 
And the answer is She... Artemis, Diana. 
And the answer have always been Her... 


And the answer, men and women of the Human kind, has been 
the same to all kinds...in all places! 


ARB 
DS 


Some accept it, others don't...but the answer is only one: She! 
It has been this way from the beginning and it will be this way, 
men and women from the Human kind, until the End... 


It has been this way here and in all 4 universes and dimensions. 


"She" has many names...and many faces...and lives in many 
places... "She" is the Creator, NOT the destroyer... 


In your planet She was and is called Diana...or Goddess Diana...in 
our planets she was called Alixi... 


She was also called (on other Planets) Lexae, Lixae, Dixae and 
Tixae... 


To you, of the Human kind, she will always be Goddess Diana, 


"Search" for Her, learn of and from Her...She is the TRUTH, the 
Light, the Beginnig and but never the End, the Creator and never 
the Destroyer... The ONE all of us came from. 


And learn from your legendary Greek "Gods" of old...as they all 
did exist...as you exist and we exist, 


And we are one...and She is the Onel 
SHE is the One that you, religious men from the Human kind, lost 
in your robes and memory, want to be and try to replicate ... 


Men of the Human kind: learn from Her...the Creator !" 


— ¥ = 


Å 


——— 


LIST OF POPES TO WHOM THE MESSAGE 
HAS BEEN TRANSMITTED TO 


—" y>I-> =“ 


Cornelius - 3rd century 


Callixtus IT 
12th century 


Pius VII 
John VII - 8th century 19th century 


John Paul I - 20th century 


ARB 
DS 


ARB 
DS 


LIST OF ISLAMIC LEADERS TO WHOM THE MESSAGE 
HAS BEEN TRANSMITTED TO 


- Allamah Majlisi Sani, 1690 
- Ibrahim al-Fayyumi, in 1725 


- Mustafa al-Arusi, 1864 
- Mustafa al-Maraghi, 1935 
- Gad al-Haq, 1982 


ARB 
DS 


The future of the Human race is NOT in our hands at this point 
in time...one day it might be. 


All that we, real Humans, can do right now is to gather all the 
information we can about these alien races and their habits, 
to find out about their weaknesses and strenghts, so that 
when our future becomes our responsability we can be 
prepared to fight for it if needed. 


Today we are just mere spectators watching a "theatre play"... 
some of us are watching the "play" completely unaware that 
what we are watching is real...the actors (aliens) are real...the 
"play" (story-line) is real...the "stage" and the "props" 

(alien worlds, alien ships and odd cosmic events) are real... 


Others know that what they are watching is real...but there's 
nothing that they can do about it...they cannot change the 
“play"...and certainly they cannot go to another "theatre" 
where the "play" is more of their liking...the only thing they 
can do is watch! 


Others (like you, me, your companion agents and a few more 
world wide) are spectators taking "notes" about what is in 
front of them...about the "play", about the "actors" and about 
the "setting" and "props"...we are learning about and writing 
about everything we see...so that one day when we have an 
opportunity to change the "story-line", we are prepared to do 
50... 

But beware...amongst the spectators there аге many that are 
not paying attention to the "play" ! 

They are only watching the other "spectators" around them, 
specially the one's "taking notes"...and those spectators look 
just like you and me...they can be seated right beside 
you...sometimes they even are the one's that gave you the 
ticket for the "play"...and sometimes they are your own parents! 


ARB 
DS 


LATEST UPDATE TO THE BOOK 
(added by myself) 


One of stages used by 
Pope Francis during his 
visit to Brazil July 2013 


